GIOM is an Order Management Web Application which provide AT&T users (this is my project)
to place their Orders to subscribe to various Services like 
HSIA, voip, voLTE etc. 

There are different modules in the Application : 
1) Account Setup - Here the User can setup an account or Search for an 
   Existing account. 

Test Cases Involved here -- > 
Positive Cases-- If User can easily search for his account or setup his account.
Negative Cases-- If the information entered by user in account search screen is not being fetched from Database.
		Or User is facing difficulties in setting up his account due to some error. 

2) Order - Here the User is given the choice to create the Order. There are 
Different Orders for Different Services. So User chooses what is required.

Test case involved in this section
--------------------------------

Positive Cases -- USer is able to choose properly the type of the Order by selecting the proper radio button.
	          The Order Number generated should begin with the year in which it is created like an order created in year 2019 should begin with 19xxxxxx.

Negative Cases-- Radio buttons are not selectable . Or if user is choosing a particular radio button and some other order is getting processed. 
		 Order number created is not of 8 characters . or not beginning with the year in which it is created.
 

3) Open - This option is used when user needs to open an already existing Order/Cart. 

Test cases involved in this Section 
-------------------------

Positive Cases -- User is entering a proper Order number which is of 8 chararcters and is Numeric eg Order Number 19087890 Or it could be old orders also created in 
previous years but the length of the Order number should be 8 characters only. 

Negagtive Cases-- User is not entering anything and clicking on search or user is not entering a proper 8 characters order number. 

4) Project Management -- This Section is for Developers use and not accesible to users or testers.
5) Inventory -- Here the Entire Inventory of the Order can be viewed 

Test Cases Involved here 
------------------------------

Positive Cases -- As the Order Number is Entered the Inventory of the order should be displayed like what is the type of the order and the Service it provides.
The customer details are mentioned properly etc .

Negative Cases -- No output is coming when clicked on search button. or Inventory of some other Order is being displayed.


6) Help -- This contains the Online Training material. 
7)Admin Tools -- This contains the Database update tools for Developers and 
not accessible to Users. 
8) Upload -- This is for uploading the Sheet/Excel Files.

Test Cases Involved here 
----------------------

Positive Cases-- Sheets are uploading properly . User can properly select the file to upload. and User can click on Browse button to choose the file to upload
Negative Cases-- Sheets are not getting uploaded .  

GIOM is an Order Management Web Application which provide AT&T users 
to place their Orders to subscribe to various Services like 
HSIA, voip, voLTE etc.Users are given access to various modules like account setup,Order Section,Inventory Section etc
where they can choose the type of Order as per the  needs of the customer for whom they are placing the orders. 





 
